# ROS_bootcamp what is ROS? ROS is an open source, meta operating system for your robot. It provides the services you would expect from an operating system, including hardware abstracion, low level device control, implementation of commonly used functionality and message passing between processes and package management. It is an advanced technology while other operating system only accept only one programming language but in the case of ROS it can acquain any programming language.
Merits and limitations for robotics though ROS is intrinsic operating system but it is not only operating system. The main merit of ROS as an operating system if a developer prorammes a code of any language it can be implemented by any robot throughout the world. Respective of their software inbuilt in it. ROS is designed to be as this as possible. Wr won't wrap your main () so that the code returned for ROS used with other robot software frameworks. A corollary to this is that ROS easy with integrate with other robot software frameworks. ROS has already been integrated with openRAVE, orocos and player. Language independence :the ROS framework is easy to implement in any modern programming lauguage .we have already implemented in python ,C++ and LISP, WE HAVE experimental libraries in java and luakk easytesting ROS has a builtin unit test framework called rostest that makes it easyto bringup and tear downtest fixtures
robot operating system is now iplemented by large tech gaint like tesla and emotiv .this how ros starting with two phd students has become one of the largest iterdiscilanar subject of hardware and software framworks.
the nodes of ROS which is specified by different species of tertle .which is alredy implemented by roboticits all ovwer the world
ROS Currently runs on unix based platforms .software for ros primirily tested on ubuntu and mac os x system though the ROS Community has been contributing support for fedora gentoo  ,arch linux and oyher linux platfofm                                                                                                                                                              while a port to microsoft windows for ROS ispossible it has notfully exlored... ..                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
